Before we move on to EFS I just want to make sure that you guys are cleaning up your lab because we've
created quite a few snapshots, volumes and so on.
So with your AMIs you can just deregister them so you click the deregister and you can just get
rid of those and you can select multiple at a time.
Then let's go down to snapshots and we should be deleting all of our snapshots
and they're gone.
And then in my case I've got a couple of volumes here that aren't in use so I could just go and delete
those volumes and then the very last one there is just the one that's attached to my instance.
So I'm just gonna terminate that instance.
You might want to also go and check if you've been playing around with another account or in a different
region.
Then just go and check that you don't have any volumes or snapshots or AMIs that you want to get rid
of.
Another thing you might want to do is to delete your customer key so you'll see CMKs from the key management
service.
So you do pay for these.
I think that about a dollar each per month so you might just want to go in and disable the key and then
what you want to do is go in and schedule key deletion.
So there's actually a waiting period here and the minimum is seven days before you can actually delete
this.
So I'm just putting in the minimum amount of time there and then I can skip click schedule duration
by need to confirm.
So confirm here and then schedule deletion.
And so then in several days that will be ready to delete.